1. Throughout history  
2. Brilliant minds have offered reflections that reshape how we see ourselves and the world—Einstein believed change begins with thought  
3. Rowling emphasized that our choices define us  
4. Not our abilities  
5. Austen reminded us that a lack of love for a good novel shows a lack of discernment  
6. Monroe celebrated imperfection  
7. Boldness  
8. And strength through laughter  
9. Edison saw failures as steps to innovation  
10. Eleanor Roosevelt compared a woman’s strength to a tea bag—revealed only in hot water  
11. Steve Martin championed the courage to be simple and different  
12. Dr. Seuss valued the mind-expanding power of nonsense  
13. Neruda believed love needed no explanation  
14. Emerson warned that anger steals time from happiness  
15. Mother Teresa insisted that judging others prevents us from loving them  
16. Bob Marley showed how music heals and true love is worth enduring pain  
17. C.S. Lewis praised imagination as a glimpse of what lies beyond  
18. Tolkien saw stories as containers of deep truths  
19. Borges considered paradise to be a kind of library  
20. Nietzsche redefined love and friendship within marriage  
21. Austen used fiction to examine morality and empathy  
22. Harper Lee urged us to walk in another's shoes before judging  
23. Mark Twain found humor to be the best weapon against ignorance  
24. Bukowski embraced imperfection and grit  
25. Oscar Wilde believed life was too important to be taken seriously  
26. Maya Angelou said people will forget what you said but not how you made them feel  
27. Rumi reminded us that what we seek is seeking us  
28. Carl Jung believed that what you resist not only persists, but grows  
29. Gandhi said to be the change you wish to see in the world  
30. Martin Luther King Jr. said injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere  
31. Malcolm X emphasized standing for something or falling for anything  
32. Leonardo da Vinci said simplicity is the ultimate sophistication  
33. Vincent Van Gogh believed there is peace even in storms  
34. Frida Kahlo said feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?  
35. Khalil Gibran believed work is love made visible  
36. Helen Keller said the best things in life are felt with the heart  
37. Stephen Hawking warned that the greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance but illusion  
38. Isaac Newton said if I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants  
39. Benjamin Franklin believed an investment in knowledge pays the best interest  
40. Aristotle said we are what we repeatedly do  
41. Confucius taught that it does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop  
42. Lao Tzu said knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom  
43. Socrates believed the unexamined life is not worth living  
44. Plato said wise men speak because they have something to say  
45. Marcus Aurelius said you have power over your mind, not outside events  
46. Seneca believed luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity  
47. Epictetus said it's not what happens to you, but how you react that matters  
48. Buddha said peace comes from within, do not seek it without  
49. Dalai Lama said kindness is my religion  
50. Thich Nhat Hanh believed that compassion is a verb  
51. Albert Camus said in the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer  
52. Simone de Beauvoir said change your life today, don’t gamble on the future  
53. Jean-Paul Sartre said freedom is what you do with what's been done to you  
54. Franz Kafka said a book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us  
55. Fyodor Dostoevsky believed suffering is the sole origin of consciousness  
56. Anton Chekhov said knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice  
57. Virginia Woolf believed a woman must have money and a room of her own to write  
58. George Orwell warned that freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear  
59. Aldous Huxley said experience is not what happens to you, but what you do with what happens to you  
60. Ray Bradbury encouraged us to jump and build our wings on the way down  
61. Isaac Asimov said the saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom  
62. Carl Sagan reminded us that we are a way for the universe to know itself  
63. Neil deGrasse Tyson said the good thing about science is that it’s true whether or not you believe in it  
64. Elon Musk believes persistence is very important—you should not give up unless you are forced to  
65. Steve Jobs said the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do  
66. Bill Gates believes success is a lousy teacher  
67. Jeff Bezos said your brand is what people say about you when you’re not in the room  
68. Warren Buffett said risk comes from not knowing what you’re doing  
69. Peter Drucker said the best way to predict the future is to create it  
70. Tony Robbins said where focus goes, energy flows  
71. Robin Sharma believed small daily improvements lead to stunning results  
72. James Clear said habits are the compound interest of self-improvement  
73. Jordan Peterson said compare yourself to who you were yesterday, not to who someone else is today  
74. Brene Brown said vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change  
75. Gary Vaynerchuk believed kindness is ROI  
76. Naval Ravikant said play long-term games with long-term people  
77. Mark Manson said who you are is defined by what you’re willing to struggle for  
78. Tim Ferriss believed conditions are never perfect—just start now  
79. Ryan Holiday said ego is the enemy  
80. Jocko Willink said discipline equals freedom  
81. David Goggins believed most people quit at 40% of their true potential  
82. Joe Rogan said the key to happiness is finding something you truly enjoy and doing it every day  
83. Eckhart Tolle believed the present moment is all you ever have  
84. Deepak Chopra said what you pay attention to grows  
85. Oprah Winfrey said turn your wounds into wisdom  
86. Michelle Obama said when they go low, we go high  
87. Barack Obama said change will not come if we wait for some other person  
88. Nelson Mandela said it always seems impossible until it’s done  
89. Desmond Tutu said do your little bit of good where you are  
90. Malala Yousafzai said one child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world  
91. Emma Watson believed if not now, when? If not me, who?  
92. Audrey Hepburn said nothing is impossible, the word itself says “I’m possible!”  
93. Princess Diana said carry out a random act of kindness with no expectation  
94. Taylor Swift said just be yourself—there is no one better  
95. Beyoncé said power is not given to you—you have to take it  
96. Rihanna said never a failure, always a lesson  
97. Adele said be brave and fearless to know that even if you do make a wrong decision  
98. Lady Gaga said you have to be unique, and different, and shine in your own way  
99. Billie Eilish said you should see me in a crown  
100. Zendaya said don’t try so hard to fit in, and certainly don’t try so hard to be different—just try hard to be you
